1. Briefly describe the difference between divs, classes, ids, and spans.
ID attribute is the "global identifier." The ID attribute takes as its value a string, which shoudl be a unique identifier to that specific element. The class attribute is another attribute that is valid in every HTML element. It is an identifier and selector value for HTML elements. It groups similar types of elements together by using the same name value. The div element offers developers a block-level element to group other elements together. Divs can be singular or nested within each other. It increases readability, providing clean code. A span element is the inline equivalent of the div element. Spans can exist within divs and do not create full-width blocks. It serves to identify or group content together that requires organization or extra styling. The span element identifies text that needs to appear visually unique on the rendered HTML page.
2. Talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using a service like YouTube or
Vimeo to host your videos?
Advantages would be that they are convenient and are therefore more likely to get views. The upload process is made very user-friendly so anyone can make a YouTube or Vimeo account. The downsides, of course, are censorship and the algorithm controlling who the traffic to your content.
3. Free Response:
I had trouble towards the end of the assignment because I had to look up the codes elsewhere. Perhaps I was missing them in the Course Website, but I could not find how to embed a map, or how to do any of the copyright stuff or multiple-source video. I tried my best to figure it out on my own but I left feeling pretty unclear about how to do it and if I was doing it right. Other than that, the assignment was straightforward! Just need a little more practice.
